[Music]
one day one day the tallest building in
Havana was once called the Havana Hilton
after the Cuban Revolution in the 1950s
its name was changed to the Havana
anything now we love seeing cities from
their highest point but the problem is
no one is allowed up there and would be
too easily exposed if the four of us
went up at the same time so amar and I
we're going to scatter way up to the top
first and then see if we could bring the
others you found we're from Canada above
20 is closed so we're going
[Music]
you
we are
[Music]
after we figured out the way to the top
ran back to grab Matt and Aaron and came
back for the sunset
their income I want you to experience
that no no no no no
hold on oh I'm in the rori let you hold
my head no I know it will be okay I know
that I won't die this time I don't know
you're not gonna die it off that's
another point we should do it from the
safer place sure we closed a four on a
beautiful sunset over Havana and we're
thrilled to see what the city would
bring us look
see you tomorrow